FaceSwap/menus/FaceSwap/README.md, before:

# SimSwap: An Efficient Framework For High Fidelity Face Swapping
## Proceedings of the 28th ACM International Conference on Multimedia
**The official repository with Pytorch**

*This method can realize **arbitrary face swapping** on images and videos with **one single trained model**.*

The paper can be downloaded from [[Arxiv]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06340v1.pdf) [[ACM DOI]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3394171.3413630) 

## Attention
***This project is for technical and academic use only. Please do not apply it to illegal and unethical scenarios.***

If you find this project useful, please star it. It is the greatest appreciation of the authors' work.

## License
For academic and non-commercial use only.The whole project is under the CC-BY-NC 4.0 license. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/neuralchen/SimSwap/blob/main/LICENSE) for additional details.


## To cite paper
```
@inproceedings{DBLP:conf/mm/ChenCNG20,
  author    = {Renwang Chen and
               Xuanhong Chen and
               Bingbing Ni and
               Yanhao Ge},
  title     = {SimSwap: An Efficient Framework For High Fidelity Face Swapping},
  booktitle = {{MM} '20: The 28th {ACM} International Conference on Multimedia},
  pages     = {2003--2011},
  publisher = {{ACM}},
  year      = {2020},
  url       = {https://doi.org/10.1145/3394171.3413630},
  doi       = {10.1145/3394171.3413630},
  timestamp = {Thu, 15 Oct 2020 16:32:08 +0200},
  biburl    = {https://dblp.org/rec/conf/mm/ChenCNG20.bib},
  bibsource = {dblp computer science bibliography, https://dblp.org}
}
```

## Related Projects

**Please visit our another ACMMM2020 high-quality style transfer project**

[![logo](./docs/img/logo.png)](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN)

[![title](/docs/img/title.png)](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN)

Learn about our other projects 
[[RainNet]](https://neuralchen.github.io/RainNet);

[[Sketch Generation]](https://github.com/TZYSJTU/Sketch-Generation-with-Drawing-Process-Guided-by-Vector-Flow-and-Grayscale);

[[CooGAN]](https://github.com/neuralchen/CooGAN);

[[Knowledge Style Transfer]](https://github.com/AceSix/Knowledge_Transfer);

[[SimSwap]](https://github.com/neuralchen/SimSwap);

[[ASMA-GAN]](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN);

[[SNGAN-Projection-pytorch]](https://github.com/neuralchen/SNGAN_Projection)

[[Pretrained_VGG19]](https://github.com/neuralchen/Pretrained_VGG19).

## Acknowledgements

<!--ts-->
* [Deepfacelab](https://github.com/iperov/DeepFaceLab)
* [Insightface](https://github.com/deepinsight/insightface)
* [Face-parsing.PyTorch](https://github.com/zllrunning/face-parsing.PyTorch)
* [BiSeNet](https://github.com/CoinCheung/BiSeNet)
<!--te-->

Commit message:

readme update for face swap

FaceSwap/menus/FaceSwap/README.md, after:

# SimSwap: An Efficient Framework For High Fidelity Face Swapping
## Proceedings of the 28th ACM International Conference on Multimedia
**The official repository with Pytorch**

*This method can realize **arbitrary face swapping** on images and videos with **one single trained model**.*

The paper can be downloaded from [[Arxiv]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06340v1.pdf) [[ACM DOI]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3394171.3413630) 

## Weights files download
I have packaged all the weights files into one folder, just download it and paste the directories as the software guides.
Link: https://pan.baidu.com/s/19gb_-z8jxS88vyoo9hWdXA 
Code: swap 

## Attention
***This project is for technical and academic use only. Please do not apply it to illegal and unethical scenarios.***

If you find this project useful, please star it. It is the greatest appreciation of the authors' work.

## License
For academic and non-commercial use only.The whole project is under the CC-BY-NC 4.0 license. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/neuralchen/SimSwap/blob/main/LICENSE) for additional details.


## To cite paper
```
@inproceedings{DBLP:conf/mm/ChenCNG20,
  author    = {Renwang Chen and
               Xuanhong Chen and
               Bingbing Ni and
               Yanhao Ge},
  title     = {SimSwap: An Efficient Framework For High Fidelity Face Swapping},
  booktitle = {{MM} '20: The 28th {ACM} International Conference on Multimedia},
  pages     = {2003--2011},
  publisher = {{ACM}},
  year      = {2020},
  url       = {https://doi.org/10.1145/3394171.3413630},
  doi       = {10.1145/3394171.3413630},
  timestamp = {Thu, 15 Oct 2020 16:32:08 +0200},
  biburl    = {https://dblp.org/rec/conf/mm/ChenCNG20.bib},
  bibsource = {dblp computer science bibliography, https://dblp.org}
}
```

## Related Projects

**Please visit our another ACMMM2020 high-quality style transfer project**

[![logo](./docs/img/logo.png)](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN)

[![title](/docs/img/title.png)](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN)

Learn about our other projects 
[[RainNet]](https://neuralchen.github.io/RainNet);

[[Sketch Generation]](https://github.com/TZYSJTU/Sketch-Generation-with-Drawing-Process-Guided-by-Vector-Flow-and-Grayscale);

[[CooGAN]](https://github.com/neuralchen/CooGAN);

[[Knowledge Style Transfer]](https://github.com/AceSix/Knowledge_Transfer);

[[SimSwap]](https://github.com/neuralchen/SimSwap);

[[ASMA-GAN]](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN);

[[SNGAN-Projection-pytorch]](https://github.com/neuralchen/SNGAN_Projection)

[[Pretrained_VGG19]](https://github.com/neuralchen/Pretrained_VGG19).

## Acknowledgements

<!--ts-->
* [Deepfacelab](https://github.com/iperov/DeepFaceLab)
* [Insightface](https://github.com/deepinsight/insightface)
* [Face-parsing.PyTorch](https://github.com/zllrunning/face-parsing.PyTorch)
* [BiSeNet](https://github.com/CoinCheung/BiSeNet)
<!--te-->
